One of the most important ways to make sure that your family is taken
care of when you are away is to communicate with your command before
you leave. There are so many programs that the command can offer your
family while you're away. One of the wonderful resource is is fleeting.
Family Service Support Center. They actually have different ways
that if you are deployed overseas how to stay in touch with your,
uh, family member while they're overseas. If they're just somewhere
else in the state, there are certain ways that they different, um,
ways that they can have you contact your service member. Um, Also,
there's another resource that you can use military. One source is another
useful tool that you can utilize when you are needing to be in
contact with your family.